{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red23\green30\blue43;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c11765\c16078\c22353;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dear Hiring Manager,\
\
I am writing to express my enthusiastic interest in the Research Engineer / Research Scientist, Tokens position at Anthropic. With a strong background in building and optimizing large-scale machine learning systems, particularly in the domains of recommendation engines, LLMs, and trustworthy AI, I am confident my skills and passion align perfectly with Anthropic's mission to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems for the global good.\
\
My experience includes architecting and deploying complex ML pipelines that prioritize efficiency and impact. For instance, in my "Spotify Million Playlist Recommendation Engine" project, I built a 5-stage PySpark batch pipeline that processed 33GB of raw data, achieving a 287.5% R-Precision improvement and optimizing offline evaluation by over 5,000x. This demonstrates my capability in building large-scale ML systems from the ground up and improving throughput and efficiency, directly addressing key responsibilities of this role. Furthermore, my "Elastic Face Recognition on AWS" project involved deploying a PyTorch model across up to 15 auto-scaled EC2 instances, showcasing my proficiency in high-performance, distributed ML systems and cloud infrastructure (AWS EC2, S3, SQS).\
\
I am particularly drawn to Anthropic's focus on safety and steerability. My "TrendScout AI: Hybrid RAG + Knowledge Graph" system, which leveraged GPT-4, Gemini, Neo4j, and ChromaDB, outperformed RAG-only approaches by a 3x win rate in LLM-generated answer quality. This project highlights my ability to design and evaluate advanced LLM systems and build structured knowledge representations, directly contributing to making AI systems more trustworthy. Additionally, my work on "Cross-Modal Video Evidence Retrieval" reduced VLM hallucination using CLIP embeddings and FAISS, and my "Insurance Premium Prediction" project utilized SHAP for interpretable feature engineering, uncovering hidden non-linear drivers. These experiences underscore my commitment to developing AI that is not only powerful but also transparent and reliable, aligning with Anthropic's values of being helpful, honest, and harmless.\
\
I am eager to contribute my expertise in PyTorch, PySpark, and large-scale ML systems to Anthropic's pioneering research and development efforts. As an international student, I would require H-1B visa sponsorship, and I am available to discuss this further. Thank you for considering my application. I look forward to the opportunity to discuss how I can contribute to your team.\
\
Sincerely,\
Wei-An Wang}